React: Add an Optimize Performance guide (#3969)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/45 Optimize Performance/00 Optimize Performance.md

> DevExtreme React Components may exhibit lower performance due to unnecessary component re-renders that may also produce the following side effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme React Components may have reduced performance due to unnecessary component re-renders that can also cause the following side effects:
```

> DevExtreme React Components may exhibit lower performance due to unnecessary component re-renders. Unnecessary re-renders may produce the following side effects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DevExtreme React Components may exhibit lower performance due to unnecessary component re-renders that may also produce the following side effects:
```

- The component responds to a click incorrectly. 
- The component discards its value on input.
- The component displays data incorrectly (for example, the [DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/) shows gray placeholders).
- Element selection does not work.
- The [render](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Rendering_Function) or [component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Custom_Component) functions work unexpectedly.

> - Slow performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> React includes a DOM equivalent, a Virtual DOM (VDOM). Virtual DOM is a programming concept or "virtual" representation of a UI. When you insert or change an element, React compares the new VDOM and the previous VDOM. Since a React component is a function, when you use an object literal, it becomes a new object in memory. Therefore, the VDOM comparison result shows that the React component has been changed, and the component re-renders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DevExtreme React Components may exhibit lower peformance due to unnecessary component re-renders. This help topic describes best practices that ensure the component updates only when necessary.

As you may know, React includes Virtual DOM (VDOM). It is a "virtual" representation of a UI that is kept in sync with the "real" DOM. When you change a VDOM element, React compares the new and previous VDOMs and re-renders the updated part. The main way you can change a DevExtreme React Component VDOM element is via component props. If you pass an object literal or function as props _inline_, it becomes a new object in memory, different from the previous object. Therefore, the VDOM comparison shows that the component has changed and should be re-rendered even though the actual value remains the same.
```

For example, declare the component...

    <!-- tab: App.js -->const MyComponent = ({props}) => {
        return <Button>{props.text}</Button>
    }

... and then implement the code below:

    <!-- tab: App.js --><MyComponent props={{text: 'Hello World'}} />

> In this case, the `MyComponent` component always re-renders, even if a value does not change. Re-render side effects can be the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unnecessary re-renders may produce the following side effects:
```

> - The component works incorrectly on click. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The component responds to a click incorrectly.
```

- The component discards its value on input.
- The component displays data incorrectly (for example, the [DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/) shows gray placeholders).

> - The element selection does not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Element selection does not work.
```
